Notes that weekend start-time varies globally (#1334)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-engineering/README.md

### Communicating Your Availability: Quick Tips

> - We don’t require people to work on nights and weekends. However, if they’re the times you want to dedicate to the project, feel free to do so. It's also important to note that for some contributors the weekend starts on a Thursday, and that meetings scheduled on Friday are an inconvienience.

Reviewer: typo "inconvienience" ==> inconvenience

Reviewer: Thank you for this addition :)

Author: Thank you Lauri :)

> - We don’t require people to work on nights and weekends. However, if they’re the times you want to dedicate to the project, feel free to do so. It's also important to note that for some contributors the weekend starts on a Thursday, and that meetings scheduled on Friday are an inconvienience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We don’t require people to work on nights and weekends. However, if they are the times you want to dedicate to the project, feel free to do so. It's also important to note that for some contributors the weekend starts on a Thursday, and that meetings scheduled on Friday are an inconvenience.
```
